---
title: Motorola Moto G50 review
author: jahanzeb
category: phones
tags: motorola moto G50 review
cover_image:
  link: motorola_50.jpg
  alt: motorola 50
---
Want a cheap but good smartphone? Ain't nothin' but a Moto G50 thang, baby. Motorola's long-running G series is always a go-to option for anyone looking to save a buck, even now that 2021 has seen the formula shaken up.

Big batteries and quick-refresh displays are the order of the day, and there's even a 'flagship' version if you're that way inclined. The Motorola Moto G50 slots in towards the top of the pile, above the more traditional Moto G30, but below the productivity-minded, quad-camera G100.

It brings 5G support to a previously unheard of price, which should appeal to data-hungry streamers and social media addicts - but also makes some cuts along the way.

There's more than a little family resemblance with the Motorola Moto G50, with the same plastic construction, hardware layout and general heft as the Moto G30. This is no lightweight, although the rear-mounted fingerprint sensor is placed within easy reach and the 20:9 aspect ratio makes it comfortable enough to hold.

NFC, microSD storage support and a 3.5mm headphone jack make the Motorola Moto G50 about as well-connected as budget phones get, and you also get a dedicated Google Assistant button. Like on the Moto G30, though, it's placed very high up the side of the phone.

There's still no way to customise it for extra shortcuts, either – but we're guessing that's at Google's insistence so as not to confuse people that aren't power users.

Around back, the off-centre camera bump borrows more than a little from Apple and Samsung's latest flagships, but it does admittedly give off a premium vibe. The shiny finish looks pretty slick too, with minimal branding and a coating that hides fingerprints.
