---
title: "Apple iPhone 13 preview: Everything we know so far"
author: jahanzeb
category: phones
tags: iphone-13 apple
cover_image:
  link: iphone_13.png
  alt: iPhone 13
---
The iPhone 12 has been a resounding success, delivering impressive performance, stellar 5G speeds, excellent cameras, and more within a beautiful new design.

But the wheel of progress is ever turning, and yes, we undoubtedly expect an iPhone 13 to release later this year. After such a significant upgrade the last time around, what kinds of tricks does Apple have up its sleeve for the next one?

Rumours and leaks are already spilling, months ahead of an expected release, and here’s what we’ve heard so far.

Most of the time, new iPhones launch and then release in September. Obviously, the impact of the pandemic pushed things back a bit, with two of the iPhone 12 models releasing in October 2020 and the other two rolling out in November.

With things hopefully settling down this year and/or having more time to factor in any supply chain delays this time around, we imagine that Apple will slide back into its familiar September launch window for the iPhone 13. It’s early, though, and we haven’t heard anything specific on that front.

Apple priced the iPhone 12 Mini at £699 and the standard iPhone 12 at £799, with the iPhone 12 Pro at £999 and the Pro Max at £1,099. These all seemed pretty well-priced for what you got, particularly compared to the flagship competition.

It’s unclear at this point how many models Apple will produce this time around, but we don’t expect that the prices will get any lower. Samsung has dropped its Galaxy S21 prices a little bit compared to the S20, but has cut some components in the process to get to those price points. We’d be surprised to see Apple do the same.
